---
f_photo:
  url: >-
    https://cdn.prod.website-files.com/69437b612a4e8316713c3947/69464b3e5eaa2b1d7ad8f596_69433b069cc02a741bd0a9c2_nathan.jpeg
  alt: null
f_quote: >-
  A well-rounded Finance Scholar Finance student takes advantage of programs and
  builds connections to launch an investment banking career
f_major: Accounting and Finance
f_dashboard-page: https://usc-profiles.webflow.io/items/nathan-sageser
title: Nathan Sageser
slug: nathan-sageser
created-on: '2025-12-18T18:41:59.763Z'
updated-on: '2025-12-21T01:54:42.308Z'
published-on: '2025-12-21T01:54:58.140Z'
f__noSearch: false
layout: '[items].html'
tags: items
---

`A well-rounded Finance Scholar Finance student takes advantage of programs and builds connections to launch an investment banking career      December graduate Nathan Sageser, '25 accounting and finance, has leveraged his experience as a Finance Scholar and Moore School student to begin his career with a reputable multinational financial services company. Sageser credits the Moore School with providing a variety of in-classroom and real-world scenarios, including developing his own initiative, leadership skills and commitment to building community. "The Moore School offers an incredible range of resources, but it's up to each student to take advantage of them," he says. "The most important lesson the Moore School offered me was the importance of owning your own career and taking initiative."      Sageser's mindset helped him thrive in one of the Moore School's most rigorous academic experiences, the Finance Scholars Program. He credits the program's technical, case-based instruction and powerful alumni network for landing a role in investment banking. "The program offered me specific talking points for interviews and offered excellent practice prior to hitting the trading desk," Sageser says. "Additionally, the alumni network is incredible. I learned about the bank I ultimately signed with because an alumnus reached out directly to finance professor Gregory Niehaus and asked for our contact information."      Beyond the classroom, he embraced opportunities to apply his knowledge in competitive and collaborative settings. Competing in more than half a dozen case competitions, he found both challenge and reward in solving real-world business problems under pressure. "Despite how intense they can be, I have always found case competitions very rewarding," he says. "They were excellent opportunities to learn a lot about a specific industry in a very short period, and they really encouraged me to think creatively about all kinds of business solutions."      Among his most meaningful accomplishments was co-founding the Freshman Finance Academy alongside fellow Finance Scholar Nick Magnotta. Designed to prepare high-achieving first-year students for elite finance careers, the program includes a seven-week curriculum covering networking, accounting, valuation modeling and more, culminating in a mock sell-side pitch. "This September, the cohort took a trip to Charlotte, North Carolina, where we got the opportunity to visit several top investment banks in person and hear several recruiting presentations," he explains. "That sort of opportunity is not something the Moore School Department of Finance has had in a long time, so being able to finally go and visit these banks in person and be actively recruited was a super exciting step forward for the Moore School's undergraduate finance program."      Key courses and mentors at the Moore School helped shape Sageser's understanding of finance, turning academic lessons into a career of strategic decision-making and real-world impact. Finance department chair and professor "Eric Powers and his FINA 363: Introduction to Finance class played a large role in my desire to pursue a career in finance. Learning about the very technical nature of finance and how decisions were made in the real world was extremely interesting, and it solidified my desire to pursue that type of work in my profession," Sageser says.      In addition to FINA 363, Sageser says finance clinical assistant professor Brandon Mendez's FINA 470: Financial Statement Analysis course was equally thought-provoking. "Mendez's case-based approach to teaching financial statements and his strong emphasis on strategic decision-making offered a unique perspective," Sageser says.      Building on the foundation he's established at the Moore School, Sageser is eager to explore different paths within finance and continue to learn from mentors and peers. Heading to Charlotte as an incoming investment banking analyst at William Blair, "there are countless different potential life and career paths ahead of me, and I'm looking forward to taking the first few years out of college to explore them and decide on what path I want to pursue," he says.`
